So this is a page of notes as I'm going through making this app. I'm making this app to get practice with flutter, and get used to the widgets before jumping into bigger projects. Also, I've never made a game before so this will be a nice change of pace from the more utilitarian apps I've made so far. 

First off, I'm following this tutorial on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRz1ICq5mNx8tYouCq1Qd9bRjnYxoCuWH

9/13/22 BIG ANNOYANCE: Almost completely moved on from the project. I was frustrated by the changing aspect ratio messing everything upp. Switching bewtween landscape and portrait completely destroyed the layout. I'm exagerrating because it does work, it's just that everything is ugly. The boxes are rectangles and whatnot. I found out that Flutter has a freakin aspect ratio widget. So I just wrapped the main part of the screen with that widget and centered it. Then boom! Everything is a nice 16:9 aspect ratio regardless. I think this is similar to legit wordle because the desktop verion has a lot of whitespace on the left and right of the game board. This is the biggest deviation/improvement I've made from the tutorial so far. He's building on a phone emulator so no changing aspect ratio. I think this change is just a simple improvement. 

Making good progress now. There's so many dang widgets man. I would've never known about a lot of these widgets. I mean an aspect ratio widget? A widget just to round the corners of a box? Crazy. Who thinks of those things?

9/14/22 More aspect ratio problems: So the next problem the tutorial runs me into is the sizing for the keyboard. He has it based off the dimensions of the screen you're on. This is fine for when you are in portrait, but when you switch to landscape the width of the rows overflows. So I made the width constant like the aspect ratio. This is only a problem because of how I set the aspect ratio and because I want it to work on all ascpect ratios. I left the height to be able to change based on screen size, but I don't think the height changing is as common. I check and changing the height does kinda break it, but I don't care. It shouldn't happen. I tried to fix it with box constraints but none quite worked for me. I'm just gonna build it to work for portrait and landscape, not everything. 
